# StacksEasyA
hackathon


For our idea we decided to make a decentralised social media platform with the focus on anonymity and interaction based rewards. The key element of the app is the integration of NFTs and how they work to give every user a unique and anonymous experience. On entering the web app the user connects to their leather wallet before being given access to the site. After connecting the user is then able to go to their profile and do 1 of 3 things: enter an NFT they already own, buy a newly minted NFT on the stacks blockchain or have no profile image. This setup ensures all users have a unique profile photo or none at all. Included in the platform is a NFT market place. This will allow users to transfer their sBTC to another user in exchange for a NFT to use as their profile photo. The profile photo is an important part of the user experience. Unlike Instagram where the profile photo is relatively small compared to the user’s posts we have instead decided to display their NFT as much larger giving a bigger incentive for users to obtain their dream NFT. A user is not given a name on the platform and so the only way to identify a specific user in the feed is by their NFT giving rise to a ‘reputation’ more than a following. On each post a user is able to give a like which acts as a transaction. After giving a like a user is presented with a transaction page from their wallet and a small amount of sBTC is transferred. This small amount is supplemented by our own reward pool of sBTC which is accumulated via transaction fees on the NFT market place and when a new NFT is minted. 

Challenges:
We faced a number of challenges throughout the project. We struggled to get the dev environment to work locally and so some of the ideas we wanted to implement were not done in the time constraints. The like feature specifically we found it hard to use the userdata of the user currently logged in to then send the transaction. Unfortuneatley the sbtc deposit helper function we adapted from the lagoon repo kept giving error of "unknown letter "l"" and so we were not able to implement this correctly
